SOURCE: https://www.niche.com/colleges/indiana-university-indianapolis/reviews/ DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08As a staff member at Indiana University Indianapolis, I've seen firsthand how committed the university is to student success. One of the biggest advantages is the downtown Indianapolis location, which gives students access to internships, research opportunities, and professional connections that can help them stand out after graduation.The campus is diverse and welcoming, and there are many resources available to support students academically and personally. Faculty and staff genuinely care about helping students reach their goals, and students who get involved in campus organizations and activities often have the most rewarding experiences.IU Indianapolis offers the resources of a major research university while maintaining strong connections to the local community. For students looking for a practical, career-focused education with opportunities to gain real-world experience, it's a great place to learn and grow.My overall experience at Indiana University Indianapolis was great because of the size and location of the school. The size of the school wasn't too big, the walk across campus is 20 minutes which makes going to class easier for students along with not needing your personal vehicle to get around. The location of the school being downtown Indianapolis gives the school and students great opportunities with businesses and internships. Something that I would like to see change about the school is the amount of events that were being advertised, compared to welcome week when the focus is student life. The student events are very important for a college because it gives students time away from class to enjoy themselves.IU isn’t a party school so if that’s what’s on your mind, go to Bloomington. Some professors are bleh and some professors are going to be the best professors ever, you just have to pick your classes well and make your schedule fit your life, not the other way around.I really liked my professors and the curriculum for different subjects. It’s been lots of fun so far with professors who actively seek to aid and teach their students. I feel I’ve been pushed to do my best in every single class.