SOURCE: https://www.niche.com/colleges/indiana-university-indianapolis/academics/ DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08My time at IUPUI was a supportive transition in to adulthood. I was able to connect with locals who shared my passions and career interests. The University has a strong focus on being successful in your academic studies and I benefitted from several hours of tutoring and study groups. I felt empowered as an undergraduate to ask questions and challenge topics in lectures. Although the campus is large, lectures felt small and conversations regarding the lecture topics flowed like I would imagine they do in small community colleges. IUPUI was a great college experience with a home town feel.I really liked my professors and the curriculum for different subjects. It’s been lots of fun so far with professors who actively seek to aid and teach their students. I feel I’ve been pushed to do my best in every single class.It was hit or miss wirh professors. The in person professors were good but the online ones coukd be a bit stingy, though some were sweet and understanding. If you're in the area or within an hour, you should attend IUColumbus/indianpolisMy experience was both meaningful and transformative. I appreciated the supportive environment, the opportunity to learn from others, and the chance to grow both personally and academically. Being part of this experience helped me build confidence, strengthen my communication skills, and develop a clearer sense of my goals. I especially valued the sense of community and encouragement that made challenges feel manageable and successes feel shared.One of my favorite aspects was the opportunity to collaborate and connect with people from different backgrounds, as it broadened my perspective and helped me become more open-minded. I also liked how the experience encouraged initiative and creativity, allowing me to contribute my own ideas.Moving forward, I would love to see even more resources and opportunities for hands-on involvement, as well as continued efforts to make the program accessible and inclusive to diverse participants.