SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/IUPUI/ DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08How are you guys realistically paying for college/life while attending IU Indianapolis?I’m debating transferring from IUK since I currently live with my parents, and most of my grants cover tuition there. I only pay around $1k a semester out of pocket for tuition right now, so moving away honestly seems like a huge financial jump.Housing + food alone around Indy seems like it could easily be $1,000-$1,500/month. Then add tuition, gas, insurance, phone bill, car payment, random life expenses, and even just wanting to do fun stuff sometimes, and it feels like total monthly expenses could hit $2k-$3k+ pretty fast.Are most students:- working while in school?- getting help from parents?- taking loans?- using scholarships?- or just surviving paycheck to paycheck? ??If you work while in school, how many hours a week are you realistically working? It feels like you’d almost need 25-30+ hours/week just to make it work, and balancing that with classes, studying, networking, meeting new people, school activities, and still trying to actually enjoy college seems really hard.Angry_Pineapple1•28d agoPart of the way that I reduce my expenses is that I don’t own a car. I take the bus everywhere or carpool with someone. If you live along any of the rapid transit line corridors (Red & Purple, soon to be Blue as well), those offer the best service and pick up close to campus. Use the Transit app to plan your trip and it’ll tell you exactly when to leave. Use a MyKey card to take advantage of fare capping as well. Saves me tons of money in a month even if it’s less convenient than a carthrowaway94837282•28d agotaking loans, using public transit, working 10-15 hrs on campus, and finding friends that dont mind covering u a few times :)PieRepresentative266•28d agoI work and took loans, but I have paid off three out of the four already. The rest of college I pay as I go, although I have received FASFA and surprise money at different points.For the first three years of my five year bachelor’s journey I had roommates. Now I don’t and that has had a small impact.I have tried hard to save 200$ a month, surprise money, and tax refunds in my school fund to pay for anything I need.