SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1307154  DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Professor : Yuni XiaI love her so much!!! I took discrete math with her and she is a very good teacher. I didn't have to do much outside research and just watched her lectures before the exams, and got above an A on every exam. Theres not a lot of homework, and she curves very heavily. If you like stats and probability or linear algebra you would love this class.Professor Xia teaches the topics fairly well. Her class is a bit boring, as the topics are all relatively easy. My biggest gripes are with the assignment grading times. Assignments took months to be graded, so feedback on how you were doing was basically nonexistent. She curves every test and your final grade heavily.Nice professor who is always willing to stop to answer questions mid-lecture. The only thing I disliked was the way most of the course material was presented. She would sometimes rush through slides and definitions, so I would have to go back and watch the lecture videos again. Her grading criteria is not clear either.Yuni seems nice and does a good job but her class can be a bit boring. To be fair DCS isn't a super fun subject and IDK what I would do to spice it up if I had to teach DCS. It's a required course for CS so just suck it up and pass. Not easy not hard, show up and do the HW and you'll be fine.Dr. Yuni is a great professor. Her teaching techniques are amazing and way better than most CS teachers.The course itself is not really that hard if you stay focus, and yes, she still gives a huge curve. The only issue I had with her is the way she organizes materials. She didn't put her office hours until the midterm. Other than that, perfect!I took her Big Data management course, and I think it was taught well. It would be better if she has office hours for the course.Terrible professor. I believe she is hired as a researcher, so this class is just a box that she has to check off. She lectures by just reading virtually verbatim off slides. Unfortunately class this is required for many majors, so I recommend learning with lots of online videos. With regards to lectures, your mileage may vary.The study guide is nothing like the exam. You have to skim through hundreds of slides to understand the material (Thats IF you're good at teaching yourself) And watch a loooootttttt of youtube.Overall very good. The course is well lectured and presented. One thing I would have liked is one more programming assignment.