SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2588527 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: MathematicsProfessor: Doan LeHas great lectures and excellent notes which she provides, all are available online and all are recorded, genuinely cares about the success of her students. She is happy to make accommodations, and is courteous and kind when doing so. It's hard for me to understand when people say Calculus 2 is hard, Prof.Sometimes difficult to understand but explains topics well. Has absolutely no empathy for students though. Difficult class but it's easy to take good notes to understand the material. Lots of homework and tests can be difficult.Professor Le has been the best professor I have had so far in my undergraduate studies. I came into this class thinking that Calculus 2 would be the end of me, but I ended up doing extremely well. If you attend the lecture, complete the recitation worksheets, and review the quizzes. I PROMISE you that you can pass this course.Go to the lecture, do your homework, and actually understand the material. Do your due diligence as a student, and I can guarantee you will pass this course with an A. Professor Le is one of the best professors I have ever had.one of the sweetest and helpful professors out there , Wish she were there for CALC 3 as well , she provides physical notes most the times and makes sure the students understand the particular concept and never judges anyone . Extends deadline to help the students . Overall the best calc 1 and calc 2 professor you can have at pudue indyWhile the courses are challenging, this professor knows how to teach the material so all students understand. She goes through things meticulously but quick to get through everything needed. She is the best mathematics professor I have had.-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/919468 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: MathematicsProfessor: Alexey KuznetsovI have a strong recommendation: read the material before attending the lecture that covers it. I'm good at math, it took me 4 weeks to realize. If you read the material first his lectures go from "very difficult to follow" to incredible. Do all the homework- I didn't, got a B+ for it. Extremely fair professor, passionate, enthusiastic, kind, sharp.He's ok. If you have never taken a calculus class, be prepared to teach yourself outside the class. Every time I had to attend his class, I left more confused. Overall, he is a nice guy, but he tends to overexplain. He also doesn't post lectures or notes. Just be prepared to do more work if you're new to calculus.I think he was a decent professor. You have weekly quizzes, and as long as you do the HW problems he gives, you're guaranteed to do well on them. He also tells you exactly what'll be on the midterms and final through the study guides. Overall, he's pretty easy-going; as long as you put in effort, you'll get an A.He makes the class so much harder than it needs to be by making long drawn out points in class. Most of the class is learning outside of class how to do problems because his examples are so all over the place and few in number. I wish he would just focus on teaching us the math problemsHe is passionate but it gets in the way of teaching. He spends a lot of time emphasizing the concepts which is great but its counterproductive in a course that is hard and has as much content on diffy Q. If he focused on teaching how to solve his problems instead of teaching concepts and giving one simple example it would be much better-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/3160164 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: MathematicsProfessor: Ribhu DebI actually had Ribhu for 118 and he was amazing! He was very clear when teaching and I enjoyed showing up to his classes. He's an amazing person to talk to and supports you in academics. Tests were straightforward if you do the practice he gives you.Rihbu is a very nice person but not a good professor. His teaching style is not the best. Very all over the place and starts to get very confusing. You are going to have to re teach yourself a lot. Makes easy concepts harder than they need to be. I personally wouldn't take his class again, but very nice person.-------------------------