SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/794675 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: EngineeringProfessor: Kim DongsooI greatly enjoyed his class, he was fun and engaging and used good analogies to explain concepts in a way that I remembered. He has a very good understanding of CS, data science, and math and tought it in a coherent manner.This guy straight up doesn't know what he's doing in class.I struggled to follow along with the lectures about after the midterm. Just got dull and boring for me. The final was very hard this year. A 50% on it was a good grade, since he will heavily curve the class. The group project was ok for me, but it really wasn't that related to the material imo. You had to build a terminal, and it was a lot of work.Terrible at explaining concepts and no one has any idea what is going on in lectures. Instructions for projects are super vague and use the concepts that he did not do a good job of explaining in the first place. You may as well do all your learning from youtube.All paper, horrible at getting information across, and yet the terms and /formulas/ that were poorly displayed and never practiced made up half of the final exam!! He rushes through too much information, and doesn't even give the feedback to let you practice it. Heavily on your own, if you even know what you need to look at to study.Dr Kim is really sweet and he will joke with you if you start with a joke. Class is very hard but he does a huge curve and makes you pass. But you still have to study to get around average. The curves for those who try and actually do work not who doesn't show up and gets bad grades.-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/241093 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: EngineeringProfessor: Patrick GeeRMP does not yet have the class listed but he taught EPCS 550 for me. He is very passive-aggressively condescending and rude. He rarely had a good idea of what we were supposed to be doing in class. He supposedly has a masters in ME but he is so tech illiterate it astounded me. How he got the position of teaching a tech heavy class is beyond me.This is the worst professor I have had in my 4 years of collage. He shows favoritism to certain students, the lectures are very disorganized (its hard to follow along with them and its hard to read the slides as well), always late. This is a C programming class and I have never seen him write a line of code.Do not take a class with Gee. Go get the equivalent credit at Ivy Tech. This is the worst educator you will have in your educational career. I honestly can't believe he has a job. He is rude, always late, unqualified to teach these subjects, and just simply annoying. A Patrick Gee lecture will leave you with not just a headache, but a hangover.Gee was very hard to understand, and his explanations often made things more confusing. Lectures and notes had frequent mistakes. The TA was rude and unhelpful, similar to Gee. Tests are all multiple choice and heavily weighted—if you do poorly on them, you'll likely fail the class. Would not recommend.He does not know C and is not even qualified to teach this class. He plays favorites with certain students and will belittle you for struggling with his class.Verbal harassment and very unbecoming of a professor. His berating is insulting and he insults students that cannot understand his lectures due to them being all over the place.-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/68400 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: EngineeringProfessor: Maher RizkallaAttendance isn't mandatory, but show up to class and don't rely on his recordings. Hes an amazing professor that is always looking for ways to improve class. Loved him so much I took 311 255 and 455. Tests are open book- doesn't mean they are easy tho- highly recommend annotating your notes! Always willing to meet and help no matter the time!I have had him for three classes (ECE255, ECE311, ECE554). I wouldn't necessarily say he is an amazing teacher but he is an amazing person. He is very passionate and knowledgeable about his field. If you understand the homework's, you will do well in class. Most of his stuff is open note and is very manageable.The lecture notes were made during COVID, so they are not great for in-person usage, but he uses them for convenience. There are errors on the powerpoints so heads up. The recitation and the lab are very helpful for this class. If you can get him to let you make your own crib sheet that is a game-changer, he let my class for exam 3 and the final.Generous grader and curver, has a pretty great passion for teaching and knows the material pretty well. Lectures can be a bit confusing, and not many problems are done start to finish in lecture so you'll have to pay attention to the HW, but overall a decent experience. Recitation could use some work thoughCan tell he's smart. Knows his stuff but it causes his teaching to be very fast and hard to follow. Don't bother attending lectures just know his slides. A lot of this course seemed to be about memorizing equations and knowing how to derive equations. Understand what's going on in the slides and know how to do the practice problems.-------------------------