SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/2099960 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: Computer ScienceProfessor: Mohammad HasanI took his Data Mining Class. It was a Master's level class. Only take it if you are passionate about Math, Probability and Matrices. You have to read heavily on the content to understand the next class. But you will gain a lot of knowledge in this class.He consistently came to lectures unprepared & often didn't understand his own code, frequently making errors when explaining it. Although this is an entry-level course, he taught as if we were upper-level students, assuming we already knew Java/C++. If you have questions about your assignment, he said to just ask ChatGPTFirst and last time leaving a review on a professor, but this professor is beyond awful, I would highly advise you to not take his class if you care about your grade or if you even care about learning.If you want to learn and get good grades then do not take this professor's course. He never seems to be prepared for the lecture. He takes surprise quizzes that too very hard. He explains things without examples and expects you to learn some concepts by yourself. His exams are really difficult.This is my very first time rating a professor. He's very unorganized. Exams are very hard with very little time. You have to be related to Einstein and have the genes of the smartest people on earth to pass this class. Projects are very not clear and his TA's don't know what they are doing. I don't recommend him at all.-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1855409 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: Computer ScienceProfessor: Dr. John GerstingDr. John is a great professor who teaches tough and rewarding classes. He is a fountain of wisdom, and if you get to know him, then you will really like him and enjoy his classes!Dr. John Gersting often criticizes students for not mastering the material, yet provides limited information in his write-ups and PowerPoints, which don't adequately prepare students for exams. He asks vague questions on homework and exams but expects precise answers. His lectures don't add much value—overall, I wouldn't recommend taking his classGersting's explanations are unclear, and he seems to pride himself on making the class material impossible to find online, so his lectures are the only option. However, they're not very helpful. Our class averaged about 60% on exams, with vague questions demanding precise answers—not a fun experience.Professor Gersting was an educator who you either loved or hated. I loved listening to his stories and how he would relate fluid mechanics to the real world. Some tests were easier than others. Make sure you study and do well in the beginning because the material seemed to just get tougher as you went on.Dr. John is a good professor. He worried me at the beginning of the semester, as he didn't seem to be very approachable. But as the semester has gone on, I have really grown to like him. He is effective with his explanations, and provides good real life applications. He is knowledgeable, and is now showing a good sense of humor. One of my new favsGersting doesn't give you any information clearly, he prides himself on teaching a class where you can find none of the information online so his resources are the only place you can "learn" the material... his resources are entirely not useful enough at all. Our class was averaging 60% on exams, asking vague questions wanting exact answer, not fun-------------------------SOURCE: https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1667214 DATE_COLLECTED: 2026-06-08Department: Computer ScienceProfessor: James HillThe professor's professional abilities in teaching were limited by a lack of organization and clarity. The teaching style was inconsistent and often unstructured, making it difficult to follow the progression of the course.Principles of Software Design is a challenging but extremely rewarding class. Start early, sweat the small details, and think about making smarter software and not just something that works. He can be late grading stuff and cause other delays. Helpful in office hours. Lectures are interesting and assignments were fun, but you need to start early.I wasn't going to take this class because of the other reviews, but I am glad I did. Enjoyed it a lot and learned so much thanks to his lectures and assignments. If he were more consistent and actually posted assignments/returned feedback when he said he would, I would've given him a 5. Would get petty over small stuff sometimes which was annoying.I have taken both cs363 and cs507 with Dr. Hill. The class is challenging at the beginning, but the bigger the challenge the greater the chances to grow. There is a second chance grade for assignment 1 and 2 by the end of semester. If you want to learn and grow then this class is for you.This professor has a permanent chip on his shoulder. Expects repositories to have a specific name but constantly change the naming conventions for every assignment. Got a zero on an assignment because I put the wrong name then on the next assignment he sent me back someone else's assignment.-------------------------